like human babies the calf has to learn
almost everything even suckling doesn't
come easy this is the wrong end this
mass of wrinkles must be very confusing
her trunk guides him to the spot success
tastes sweet he'll soon be downing 25
pints a day his next challenge is
keeping up with the grown-ups daily
routine crossing a swamps can be a major
problem for a young baby
his mother uses her tail to check the
progress of her wobbly toddler adult
elephants don't get stuck because as a
foot takes to weight it bulges to spread
the load and when the foot lifts it
contracts again to release the suction
the car just Tatars elephant heaven is
baby hell if you only does learn to walk
unfortunately
everyone's enjoying themselves so much
they don't seem to notice his pipe at
last a helping trunk comes to the rescue
he won't rush back in the hurry the calf
may be safe but floater cam is stuck in
the MA